Dynamic pg docs (#2791)
timescale/docs: getting-started/index.md

<CloudIntro />

> Timescale offers two products: a time-series database with TimescaleDB, and 
> Dynamic PostgreSQL. The time-series database is optimized for your time-series 

Reviewer: > Timescale offers two products: a time-series database with TimescaleDB, and Dynamic PostgreSQL

This sentence feels awkward.  Maybe like this?
```suggestion
Timescale offers two products: a Time-series and Dynamic PostgreSQL database service. The time-series database is optimized for your time-series 
```
